Isolating angle 0.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 10.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 20.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 30.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My oldest son is five and my youngest son is three.
Isolating angle 40.0°...
 My size is... Great, how are you? Really, how old are you? I'm 35 years old. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My oldest son is five and my youngest son is three.
Isolating angle 50.0°...
 Most of the years we've been trying to look for the great majority of this 83 million monument to life down under. It's the closest that we have to visiting Australia. Australia has a commission in general to Expo, Lindell South. There's a lack of image here about Australia. They just think we've lost our father down on Earth and Expo.
Isolating angle 60.0°...
 Most Scythians will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has brought Commissioner-General to Expo, Lindell Saussure. There's a lack of image here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of here and export it. Is it here, Pavilion?
Isolating angle 70.0°...
 Most Scythias will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia's Commissioner-General to Expo, Lindell Sae, says there's a lack of image here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of here and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 80.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has commissioned the General to expo, Lindell Saesh says. There's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of the earth and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 90.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has commissioned the General to expo, Lindell Sash says. There's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of the earth and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 100.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has commissioned the General to expo. Lindell Sash says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of the earth and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 110.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has commissioned the General to expo. Lindell Sash says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of the earth and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 120.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia has commissioned the General to expo. Lindell Sash says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of the earth and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 130.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia's Commissioner General to Expo, Lindell Sash, says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of here and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 140.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese and for the great majority this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australia's Commissioner General to Expo, Lindell Saas, says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of here and export it. Here, Pavilion.
Isolating angle 150.0°...
 Most sightseers will be Chinese, and for the great majority, this 83 million monument to life down under is the closest they will come to visiting Australia. Australian Head Commissioner to Expo, Wendell Saas, says there's a lack of knowledge here about Australia. They just think we blow stuff up out of here and export it. Here, Pavilion of the World is a great place to visit.
Isolating angle 160.0°...
 I have never thought about China's malady until I learned of its statistics. Of the 25,000 climbers in the world each year, 40 million in the world each year, and the good news is that we are curious to see the winner.
Isolating angle 170.0°...
 I had never thought about trying Mount Kilimanjaro until I learned of its statistics. Of the 25,000 climbers in the world every year, 40% don't make it to the top. And I know, there's a lack of energy about Australia. But good and curiosity have said it really badly. That be a winner or a loser.
Isolating angle 180.0°...
 I had never thought about trying Mount Kilimanjaro until I learned of its statistics. Of the 25,000 climbers who are picking each year, 40% don't make it to the top and the other half don't see the bounce at all. A ghoulish curiosity setting, would I be a winner or a loser?
Isolating angle 190.0°...
 I have never thought about charming Mouser Hilleman-Jarrow until I learned of his statistics. Of the 25,000 climbers who attend him each year, 40% of them make it to the top and a handful don't leave it down to a rock. A goodish curiosity setting. Would I be a winner or a loser?
Isolating angle 200.0°...
 I have never talked about charming Malcolm 11 Jaro until I learned of his statistics. Of the 25,000 drivers who attend him each year, 40% of them make a poor thing out of a hamper. Don't let it down. A goodish curiosity is hidden. Would I be a winner or a loser?
Isolating angle 210.0°...
 I have never talked about trying Mount Kilimanjaro until I know of its statistics. If I hit my mark, I think I'll have this terrible feeling. I should probably stop buying it, but I like it. And it's my curiosity, would I be a winner or a loser?
Isolating angle 220.0°...
 I have never talked about time melt in a minute I know if I hit my time only I should probably stop by but I like it my really bad I've had it
Isolating angle 230.0°...
 I have never talked about time, what to say, for a house of 20 minutes. I know of the statistics. If I hit my house, I'll have all my people caring, sits forlornly, most of the kids will be looking at all the things I have. I should probably stop buying, but I like it. And it's my great curiosity that I'm just sitting on my own. This year was no exception. I've had it since.
Isolating angle 240.0°...
 I have never talked about time. We say we're in power. And I know that it's sadistic. If a fly hit my house, I think I'll have this terrible feeling. I'm a bumblebee with two people caring, sits forlorn limbs, mostly kids. I should probably stop buying. But I like it. And it's my dream. I'm still really bad at art. This year was no exception.
Isolating angle 250.0°...
 I have never talked about time, which is a good shower. Yes, elbow each other over the smoked salmon. If a fly hit my house, I think it's a desirable filter. I'll be running around, looking up all the things I have to buy. I should probably stop buying, but I like it. And it's my good news, after all. I don't feel really bad about it anymore. This year was no exception.
Isolating angle 260.0°...
 I have never talked about my fortune. What do you say? I'll have to say it. Yes, elbow each other over the smoked salmon. If I hit my house, I think I'll have desirable children. I'll be running around, just looking at all the things I have. I should probably stop buying. But I like it. And it's my fortune after all. I'm still really bad at it. This year was no exception. I've had it since.
Isolating angle 270.0°...
 Thanks for watching!
Isolating angle 280.0°...
 Thanks for watching!
Isolating angle 290.0°...
 We are every year at night, yes, elbow each to elbow, the smoked salmon. While a bowl of pickled herring sits for a long lay, most people will be children. I should probably stop buying them, but I like it, and it's my great pleasure. My eyes are so fine, my eyes are so green.
Isolating angle 300.0°...
 Every year at length, yes, Elbow each can grow with a smoked salmon. While a bold, wrinkled herring sits for a born lady, most likely. Do you have any children? I should probably stop buying it, but I like it. And it's my great-granddaughter. So I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 310.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My oldest son is five and my youngest son is three.
Isolating angle 320.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 330.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 340.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
Isolating angle 350.0°...
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you? I just had my birthday. Really? How old are you? I'm 35. Are you married? Yes, I got married three years ago. Do you have any children? Yes, I have a daughter. She is four years old. Do you have children? Yes, I have two. My older son is five and my younger son is three.
